Mr. Song, you are looking for my vice president
Vice President
That's right, I'm a special revival around the VP
But that was before.
You know each other?
Ah, of course I know
Xiao Fu used to be a special work of the vice president of the city.
Met a few times at work
Okay, okay.
Don't talk about Fuxing, you came just in time
What happened yesterday was a misunderstanding.
You can go back with me now and apologize to my aunt.
Auntie, if you really think so
Then I admit it.
Mom, I won't let you take Fuxing away today.
Zhou Ke asked a few people to come in and send my mother out
Su Nan, are you trying to drive me away?
I am your mother
I'm your daughter
Like I said, I'm working
Why are you bothering me?
go out
You go out ma'am please
I'm sorry, Mr. Yang
Made you laugh
We'll talk about it another day if we don't cooperate.
Mr. Su is out of the way
We will decide on the cooperation today.
Try to sign the contract tomorrow.